Tweak board description (#1243)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/components/board/_index.md

## Configuration

Configure a *board* component on your robot to communicate with the other [components](/components) of the robot.

> Signaling is overseen by a computer running `viam-server`.

Reviewer: Hmmm-- sorry to be a bother here but I think splitting this out makes the sentence flow a bit more awkward as it's supposed to be kind of cause and effect!

Reviewer: Up to you if you want to keep or not, LGTM either way

> Supported board models use various architectures:

Reviewer: Not sure if it's ideal to use architecture in this way when we have a lot of other stuff about architecture in the more traditional programming sense-- unfortunately I don't have a better idea though 😆 TBH I don't know if splitting this out into bullets is ideal either as the model information has more on this as well. Maybe it's more key info for users than I'm thinking though? Really your call

Author: I think the bullets help a lot because the original paragraph is hard to parse, and the bullets quickly show that there are 3 possible scenarios. Instead of calling them "architectures," do you think it would make sense to replace this sentence with
```suggestion
A board can be:
```
and then change the bullets to be singular (i.e. "A single-board computer....", "A GPIO peripheral device..." etc?

- Single-board computers (SBCs) with GPIO pins and CPUs capable of running `viam-server`.
- GPIO peripheral devices that must connect to external computers.

> - PWM peripheral devices that must connect to SBCs providing GPIO pins.

Reviewer: Again nit picky but re. CPU - SBC I think it is likely if using a PWM that they also might be using peripheral or something? Hard to phrase

Author: I don't think I understand this comment sorry--can you rephrase?

## Configuration

Configure a *board* component on your robot to communicate with the other [components](/components/) of the robot.
Signaling is overseen by a computer running `viam-server`.

A board can be:

> - A single-board computer (SBC) with GPIO pins and a CPU capable of running `viam-server`.
> - A GPIO peripheral device that must connect to an external computer.
> - A PWM peripheral device that must connect to an SBC that has GPIO pins.

Author: ```suggestion
- A single-board computer (SBC) with GPIO pins and a CPU capable of running `viam-server`.
- A GPIO peripheral device that must connect to an external computer.
- A PWM peripheral device that must connect to an SBC that has a CPU and GPIO pins.
```

> - Single-board computers (SBCs) with GPIO pins and CPUs capable of running `viam-server`.
> - GPIO peripheral devices that must connect to external computers.
> - PWM peripheral devices that must connect to SBCs providing GPIO pins.

Author: ```suggestion
- A single-board computer (SBC) with GPIO pins and a CPU capable of running `viam-server`.
- A GPIO peripheral device that must connect to an external computer.
- A PWM peripheral device that must connect to an SBC that has GPIO pins.
```
